Create Meeting 136.md (#515)
ethereum/pm: AllCoreDevs-Meetings/Meeting 136.md

# All Core Devs Meeting 136
### Date/Time: April 15, 2022, 14:00 UTC
### Duration: 90 minutes
### [Recording](https://youtu.be/JXbOeiPN_uE)
### [Agenda](https://github.com/ethereum/pm/issues/508)
### Moderator: Tim Beiko
### Notes: Alen (Santhosh)

## Decisions Made
| Decision Item | Description                                                              | Video ref |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------- |
| 136.1 | I'll share this, explicitly, just to be clear, we had discussed a few times that like ring could be won't run through the merge. so just for people listening, this ring could be, will not, I don't think the network will be like shut down right at the merge | [48:05](https://youtu.be/JXbOeiPN_uE?t=2926) |

**Tim Beiko**

> * Good morning, everyone. Welcome to AEV. 1 36. I appreciate people coming on the call on what is a holiday in a lot of places. so yeah, thanks for coming in. Hopefully we can wrap this up, within time, basically, all of, lot of merged stuff, on the agenda today and, couple Shanghai updates, mostly on stuff that's already, been included. and yeah, to start on the main net stuff we did have, or on a merged stuff, sorry, we did have our first main net shadow, this week, unfortunately, both Perry and Danny are in transit dev connect. so they can't give the high level summary. but I'll, I'll try and then it'll be helpful to get client teams to chime in. but as I understand it, the mainnet fork, had some issues across, across a bunch of clients, but we managed to finalize, on, on the other side of it, on the shadow fork. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Good morning, everyone. Welcome to ACD. 136. I appreciate people coming on the call on what is a holiday in a lot of places. so yeah, thanks for coming in. Hopefully we can wrap this up, within time, basically, all of, lot of merge stuff, on the agenda today and, couple Shanghai updates, mostly on stuff that's already, been included. and yeah, to start on the mainnet stuff we did have our first mainnet shadow, this week, unfortunately, both Pari and Danny are in transit to Devconnect. so they can't give the high level summary. but I'll, I'll try and then it'll be helpful to get client teams to chime in. but as I understand it, the mainnet fork, had some issues across, across a bunch of clients, but we managed to finalize, on, on the other side of it, on the shadow fork. 
```

> * So, you know, from a like high level network point of view, it, it went well, but it obviously uncovered a bunch of, smaller issues across, several clients, which, we, we then need to fix, we're planning to have a Gordy shadow fork next Tuesday, and another main net shadow fork next Saturday, Perrys posted the, a configs for all of these in the discord already. and then for the main net one, obviously if folks wanna participate in that, you need to sync your main net node, which might take a couple days. so just be mindful of that. but yeah, I don't know, if any of the client teams kind of want to just share some of the issues they, they ran into, during, during the shuttle for, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* So, you know, from a like high level network point of view, it, it went well, but it obviously uncovered a bunch of, smaller issues across, several clients, which, we, we then need to fix, we're planning to have a Goerli shadow fork next Tuesday, and another main net shadow fork next Saturday, Pari's posted the, a configs for all of these in the discord already. and then for the main net one, obviously if folks wanna participate in that, you need to sync your main net node, which might take a couple days. so just be mindful of that. but yeah, I don't know, if any of the client teams kind of want to just share some of the issues they ran into, during, during the shuttle for, 
```
